projectdiary.md, before:

2023-09-26
Created this file to ease process of switching betwen projects and for faster recalling after a pause
What to write:
- noticed problems and planned actions to fix them or lack of ideas
- added/removed/fixed/refactired features
- quene of planned additions
Today had some time for coding but stumbled on unfinished probem: looping dependency of generating tests.
And understood thet, even though there were just few days before last change, I complitely forgot what I was doing and how was I planning to fix it.
But writing this will need some more time, and need to be aware that this process in a long run can slow a bit, so need to optimize it as much as possible.
boilerplate:
- [ ] #example(added, problem, idea, question, test, fixed) Description of a problem >>> (planned action || action itself || idea || ...)

- [x] #problem Looping dependency in generating tests. Need to decrease level with reducer but regenerare with generator >>> remove screen dependecy from generators
2023-09-27
- [x] #added finish adding downgrading levels after 2 or so errors (set 2 to be editable constant)
- [x] #idea make general method to convert passageLevel to testLevel and back with saving correct types
2023-09-29
- [x] #added file manager, but cant open it with file explorer or cant share it for now
2023-10-03
- [x] #added file manager saves text file to the user-seelcted folder
- [x] #added FM now opens selected text file
- [ ] #idea proove that you know new imported passage by testing it to the desirable level
- [x] #question what if version of export does not support columns: mark version? | go with the latest version
- [x] #question what if in future versions we rename parameters titles: add back compatibility in future versions
- [x] #question what if we dont have nedded translations: add new translation with needed langlage and title | find neede langlage from verse text based of other verses or set default and propose to change in translations list settings if needed
- [x] #added export to CSV
- [ ] #test tried to add intent reciever dunno how to test it yet...
2023-10-06
- [x] #fixed error with loading app right after instaling: it was unmet error exeption while trying to load unexisted item from local storage
- [x] #test intent reciever works but after opengin app does nothing ... yet
- [x] #intent Today: finish csv export and import Next: add intent feature 1.differentiating text from address 2.adding both or just one 3.diferentiate language 4.ask if unclear
- [x] #fixed fetchibg bug
- [x] #intent to finish importing passages, thinking on not using csv, but just txt with "|" as separator and four colummns (address, text, translation, tags)
2023-10-07
- [x] #added export and import passages to and from txt file
- [x] #intent Next: to make export/import state to json with chechsum Later: handling share text reciever (modal with options)
- [x] #problem what if we have the same address and the same translation?: disallow to add it(or to import) >>> skiping it 
2023-10-31
- [x] #idea importted 5/6 passages and do not replace passages with the same address and translation
2023-11-06
- [x] #intent add json state export(without import)
- [x] #intent fix tests freezing error
- [x] #added export app state to json & remade tests generation
2023-11-07
- [x] #intent to show import warning result & improve level1 tests
- [x] #intent to check Nicks time error
- [x] #intent optimize levels (level1: from errors, same book, same number level 3: less words/groups of words for long level 4,5: not the whole text just parts/hard parts)
- [x] #intent later to add due to and new sorting option(-)
- [x] #plan fix levelPicker dott in testing mode
- [x] #plan check train mode filters validity
- [x] #added did add import warning info & did fix timezone thing(but need to check it anyway)
2023-11-08
- [x] #intent check trainMode filters(+), check LevelPicker dott(+) THEN optimize levels and add "due to" as so on
- [x] #idea due to is considered only if sorting is oldestToTrain
- [x] #added checking trainModes and levelPicker, level 10 optimizing
2023-11-09
- [x] #intent finish optimizing level 11, 30, 40, 50
- [x] #added optimized levels 10,11,20
2023-11-10
- [x] #intent finish optimizing level 30, fix level 1 duplicates
- [x] #added finished optimizing level 3, checked level 1 for duplicated(haven't foud them)
2023-11-14
- [x] #intent optimize levels 40 and 50: enter only a few sentences
2023-11-15
- [x] #intent optimize levels 40 and 50: enter only a few sentences
- [x] #added optimized 40 and 50 to limit number of sentences
2023-11-17
- [x] #intent turn on "due to" switcher, add number selector, add to sorting for "last tested" option
- [x] #intent make harder passwords for dev mode, turn it off after 24h, add devmodeEnabledSwitcheer
- [x] #added due to modal and switcher, updated sorting to included due to passages before others
- [x] #added updated appStateModel for v0.0.9 added userData, updateMessages and feedbackMessages
2023-11-20
- [x] #intent complete new state model + state convertor + new devmode switcher + dev mode timeout check in reducer
- [x] #intent start stats screen + stats tools + passage stats
- [x] #added new state model, state converter, new devmode encoder, devmode timeout disabling, fixing visible errors in each file
- [ ] #question how to get data for relative stats? we need to know when each passage was updated to the next level, may be add new parameter to passage model?
- [x] #added passage stats calculating and rendering(general, per level, heatmap, wrong addresses) + state import feature + level5 wrong word calculating to get more data for heatmap + a little of calculating app stats
2023-11-22
- [x] #intent add stats screen with other global stats(time, sessions, stats by session, stats by level) 
- [ ] #intent add upgradeDate to passage data so we could retrieve relative score for last two month + write time on udgrade/clear on downgrading (+) + get uprade time from history(for each passage if one is level lower but the next is higher set time of level of the highter one to the time of the lower one)(+)
- [x] #added stats screen with general stats and stats per level
- [ ] #question do we include missing days in day/week awarage?
- [ ] #idea we need to notify users that some stroke days might be lost due to clearing history of the removed passages
- [ ] #idea we can add different WORD icon on the home screen in the Christmass seasona and another one for the Easter
2023-11-23
- [x] #added fixed bug with selecting level11 with single passage
- [x] #added removed test,list,stats buttons in no passages, in this case showing "add passage"
- [x] #intent check stroke calculating b.c. it removes some days on import
- [ ] #idea add month showing with data for each day sessions
- [x] #added upgraded passage model, added convertion from history for previus versions
- [x] #added relative score, fixed perfect scrike for selected level, fixed downgrading bug, added level 4 error when selecting wrong word,

Commit message:

little stats & passage editor UI update

projectdiary.md, after:

2023-09-26
Created this file to ease process of switching betwen projects and for faster recalling after a pause
What to write:
- noticed problems and planned actions to fix them or lack of ideas
- added/removed/fixed/refactired features
- quene of planned additions
Today had some time for coding but stumbled on unfinished probem: looping dependency of generating tests.
And understood thet, even though there were just few days before last change, I complitely forgot what I was doing and how was I planning to fix it.
But writing this will need some more time, and need to be aware that this process in a long run can slow a bit, so need to optimize it as much as possible.
boilerplate:
- [ ] #example(added, problem, idea, question, test, fixed) Description of a problem >>> (planned action || action itself || idea || ...)

- [x] #problem Looping dependency in generating tests. Need to decrease level with reducer but regenerare with generator >>> remove screen dependecy from generators
2023-09-27
- [x] #added finish adding downgrading levels after 2 or so errors (set 2 to be editable constant)
- [x] #idea make general method to convert passageLevel to testLevel and back with saving correct types
2023-09-29
- [x] #added file manager, but cant open it with file explorer or cant share it for now
2023-10-03
- [x] #added file manager saves text file to the user-seelcted folder
- [x] #added FM now opens selected text file
- [ ] #idea proove that you know new imported passage by testing it to the desirable level
- [x] #question what if version of export does not support columns: mark version? | go with the latest version
- [x] #question what if in future versions we rename parameters titles: add back compatibility in future versions
- [x] #question what if we dont have nedded translations: add new translation with needed langlage and title | find neede langlage from verse text based of other verses or set default and propose to change in translations list settings if needed
- [x] #added export to CSV
- [ ] #test tried to add intent reciever dunno how to test it yet...
2023-10-06
- [x] #fixed error with loading app right after instaling: it was unmet error exeption while trying to load unexisted item from local storage
- [x] #test intent reciever works but after opengin app does nothing ... yet
- [x] #intent Today: finish csv export and import Next: add intent feature 1.differentiating text from address 2.adding both or just one 3.diferentiate language 4.ask if unclear
- [x] #fixed fetchibg bug
- [x] #intent to finish importing passages, thinking on not using csv, but just txt with "|" as separator and four colummns (address, text, translation, tags)
2023-10-07
- [x] #added export and import passages to and from txt file
- [x] #intent Next: to make export/import state to json with chechsum Later: handling share text reciever (modal with options)
- [x] #problem what if we have the same address and the same translation?: disallow to add it(or to import) >>> skiping it 
2023-10-31
- [x] #idea importted 5/6 passages and do not replace passages with the same address and translation
2023-11-06
- [x] #intent add json state export(without import)
- [x] #intent fix tests freezing error
- [x] #added export app state to json & remade tests generation
2023-11-07
- [x] #intent to show import warning result & improve level1 tests
- [x] #intent to check Nicks time error
- [x] #intent optimize levels (level1: from errors, same book, same number level 3: less words/groups of words for long level 4,5: not the whole text just parts/hard parts)
- [x] #intent later to add due to and new sorting option(-)
- [x] #plan fix levelPicker dott in testing mode
- [x] #plan check train mode filters validity
- [x] #added did add import warning info & did fix timezone thing(but need to check it anyway)
2023-11-08
- [x] #intent check trainMode filters(+), check LevelPicker dott(+) THEN optimize levels and add "due to" as so on
- [x] #idea due to is considered only if sorting is oldestToTrain
- [x] #added checking trainModes and levelPicker, level 10 optimizing
2023-11-09
- [x] #intent finish optimizing level 11, 30, 40, 50
- [x] #added optimized levels 10,11,20
2023-11-10
- [x] #intent finish optimizing level 30, fix level 1 duplicates
- [x] #added finished optimizing level 3, checked level 1 for duplicated(haven't foud them)
2023-11-14
- [x] #intent optimize levels 40 and 50: enter only a few sentences
2023-11-15
- [x] #intent optimize levels 40 and 50: enter only a few sentences
- [x] #added optimized 40 and 50 to limit number of sentences
2023-11-17
- [x] #intent turn on "due to" switcher, add number selector, add to sorting for "last tested" option
- [x] #intent make harder passwords for dev mode, turn it off after 24h, add devmodeEnabledSwitcheer
- [x] #added due to modal and switcher, updated sorting to included due to passages before others
- [x] #added updated appStateModel for v0.0.9 added userData, updateMessages and feedbackMessages
2023-11-20
- [x] #intent complete new state model + state convertor + new devmode switcher + dev mode timeout check in reducer
- [x] #intent start stats screen + stats tools + passage stats
- [x] #added new state model, state converter, new devmode encoder, devmode timeout disabling, fixing visible errors in each file
- [ ] #question how to get data for relative stats? we need to know when each passage was updated to the next level, may be add new parameter to passage model?
- [x] #added passage stats calculating and rendering(general, per level, heatmap, wrong addresses) + state import feature + level5 wrong word calculating to get more data for heatmap + a little of calculating app stats
2023-11-22
- [x] #intent add stats screen with other global stats(time, sessions, stats by session, stats by level) 
- [x] #intent add upgradeDate to passage data so we could retrieve relative score for last two month + write time on udgrade/clear on downgrading (+) + get uprade time from history(for each passage if one is level lower but the next is higher set time of level of the highter one to the time of the lower one)(+)
- [x] #added stats screen with general stats and stats per level
- [ ] #question do we include missing days in day/week awarage?
- [ ] #idea we need to notify users that some stroke days might be lost due to clearing history of the removed passages
- [ ] #idea we can add different WORD icon on the home screen in the Christmass seasona and another one for the Easter
2023-11-23
- [x] #added fixed bug with selecting level11 with single passage
- [x] #added removed test,list,stats buttons in no passages, in this case showing "add passage"
- [x] #intent check stroke calculating b.c. it removes some days on import
- [ ] #idea add month showing with data for each day sessions
- [x] #added upgraded passage model, added convertion from history for previus versions
- [x] #added relative score, fixed perfect scrike for selected level, fixed downgrading bug, added level 4 error when selecting wrong word
2023-11-25
- [ ] #error level 11 shows options in different language(translation)
- [x] #added manger svg for december 
2023-11-29
- [ ] #intent fix due to modal (add title, next due to date, remove NEVER thing)
- [ ] #intent fix passage translation selector (add labels, "reimagine" passage editor)
- [ ] #intent add daily and weekly stats(with relative percent), add week and month switcher
- [ ] #intent add calendar view(month activity), sessions view(day range)
